Psalm 85 to the chief musician a psalm
Psalm 85 to the chief musician a psalm of the sons of korah
Lord you have been favourable to your
Lord you have been favourable to your land you have brought back the captivity
land you have brought back the captivity
land you have brought back the captivity of Jacob you have forgiven the iniquity
of Jacob you have forgiven the iniquity
of Jacob you have forgiven the iniquity of your people you have covered all
of your people you have covered all
of your people you have covered all their sin you have taken away all your
their sin you have taken away all your
their sin you have taken away all your wrath you have turned from the
wrath you have turned from the
wrath you have turned from the fierceness of your anger restore us O
fierceness of your anger restore us O
fierceness of your anger restore us O God of our salvation and cause your
God of our salvation and cause your
God of our salvation and cause your anger toward us to cease will you be
anger toward us to cease will you be
anger toward us to cease will you be angry with us forever
angry with us forever
angry with us forever will you prolong your anger to all
will you prolong your anger to all
will you prolong your anger to all generations will you not revive us again
generations will you not revive us again
generations will you not revive us again that your people may rejoice in you show
that your people may rejoice in you show
that your people may rejoice in you show us your mercy Lord and grant us your
us your mercy Lord and grant us your
us your mercy Lord and grant us your salvation I will hear what God the Lord
salvation I will hear what God the Lord
salvation I will hear what God the Lord will speak where he will speak peace to
will speak where he will speak peace to
will speak where he will speak peace to his people and to his saints but let
his people and to his saints but let
his people and to his saints but let them not turn back to folly
them not turn back to folly
them not turn back to folly surely his salvation is near to those
surely his salvation is near to those
surely his salvation is near to those who fear Him that glory may dwell in our
who fear Him that glory may dwell in our
who fear Him that glory may dwell in our land mercy and truth have met together
land mercy and truth have met together
land mercy and truth have met together righteousness and peace have kissed
righteousness and peace have kissed
righteousness and peace have kissed truth shall spring out of the earth and
truth shall spring out of the earth and
truth shall spring out of the earth and righteousness shall look down from
righteousness shall look down from
righteousness shall look down from heaven yes the Lord will give what is
heaven yes the Lord will give what is
heaven yes the Lord will give what is good and our land will yield its
good and our land will yield its
good and our land will yield its increase righteousness will go before
increase righteousness will go before
increase righteousness will go before him and shall make his footsteps
him and shall make his footsteps
him and shall make his footsteps our
our
our [Music]